a few mistakes that I often see students make are taking too many classes,
given the other things were happening in their lives. So, for instance,
of students are working a lot of hours, you know, taking 12
to 15 units may not really be reasonable for them, especially if they
have any other commitments, like family commitments or, you know,
friends or things like that. So I think taking on too much not being
realistic about your actual available time and energy and putting
things off until, for instance, there do so I, for instance, have papers
in my class, and I can't even tell you how many times students
will turn in papers late because they waited until the last minute to
start it. And then, you know, the Internet went down or some other
calamity happened. But the thing is that the paper assignments are
available on the first day of class, and so not, you know, not doing
things in a timely manner and kind of procrastinating, and then trying
to catch up with the end, I think, is not a good habit to get into